Update mailing list start page (#4422)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: docs/sign-up-journeys.md

```mermaid
graph TD;

>   name[Free personalised teacher training guidanceer training in your inbox] -- Doesn't exist in CRM --> returning_teacher[Are you already qualified to teach?]

Author: ```suggestion
  name[Free personalised teacher training guidance] -- Doesn't exist in CRM --> returning_teacher[Are you already qualified to teach?]
```
